README.md, before:

# Stop Cop City
A collection of Stop Cop City/Defend the Atlanta Forest movement resources.

## What is Stop Cop City?
 - https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/
 - https://defendtheatlantaforest.org/
 - [Communique submission and posting site](https://scenes.noblogs.org/post/category/communiques/)
   - [First communique](https://anarchistnews.org/content/no-whistling-atlanta-forest-communique)
 - [Cop City and the Prison Industrial Complex Analysis Article](https://www.mainlinezine.com/cop-city-and-the-prison-industrial-complex-in-atlanta/)

## Where can I hear more?

### Defend the Atlanta Forest: 
 - [Twitter](https://twitter.com/defendATLforest) (and [backup Twitter](https://twitter.com/defendATLf0rest))
 - Email: defendtheatlantaforest@protonmail.com
 - Regional Accounts
   - Charlotte, NC Instagram: @stopcopcity.clt

## What can I do?

### Direct action resources
 - [Direct Action Strategy Guides](https://ruckus.org/training-manuals/the-action-strategy-guide/)
 - [Direct Action Toolkit and FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19PibMZtGA4vU3UJULRyFucLbP9Tl2ZYAcTeSi3CtXXs/edit?usp=drivesdk)
 - [Stop Cop City Take Action Page](https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/takeaction)
 - [Stop Cop City Targets Page](https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/targets)

### How do I move my money out of institutions that are funding Cop City?
 - Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Truist, Cadence, and Chase banks are funding Cop City.
 - If you currently bank with any of them and would like to move your money elsewhere, credit unions, like [Skyla Credit Union](https://www.skylacu.com/) (merger of Charlotte Metro Credit Union + Premier FCU) if you live in Charlotte for example, are good alternatives.

### How do I support imprisoned forest defenders?
 - [Information on mail support](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cn5oLzrOH_8/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=)

Commit message:

docs: add stopcopcity(dot)net

README.md, after:

# Stop Cop City
A collection of Stop Cop City/Defend the Atlanta Forest movement resources.

## What is Stop Cop City?
 - https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/
 - https://defendtheatlantaforest.org/
 - [Communique submission and posting site](https://scenes.noblogs.org/post/category/communiques/)
   - [First communique](https://anarchistnews.org/content/no-whistling-atlanta-forest-communique)
 - [Cop City and the Prison Industrial Complex Analysis Article](https://www.mainlinezine.com/cop-city-and-the-prison-industrial-complex-in-atlanta/)

## Where can I hear more?

### Defend the Atlanta Forest: 
 - [Twitter](https://twitter.com/defendATLforest) (and [backup Twitter](https://twitter.com/defendATLf0rest))
 - Email: defendtheatlantaforest@protonmail.com
 - Regional Accounts
   - Charlotte, NC Instagram: @stopcopcity.clt

## What can I do?

### Direct action resources
 - [Direct Action Strategy Guides](https://ruckus.org/training-manuals/the-action-strategy-guide/)
 - [Direct Action Toolkit and FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19PibMZtGA4vU3UJULRyFucLbP9Tl2ZYAcTeSi3CtXXs/edit?usp=drivesdk)
 - [Stop Cop City Take Action Page](https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/takeaction)
 - [Stop Cop City Targets Page](https://www.stopcopcitysolidarity.org/targets)
 - [stopcopcity.net](https://stopcopcity.net/) - a site for digital direct action put together by genzforchange, explained [here](https://twitter.com/micahinATL/status/1623321963983765504?s=20&t=U1j4bgpz_KCdq3vIcxowug)

### How do I move my money out of institutions that are funding Cop City?
 - Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Truist, Cadence, and Chase banks are funding Cop City.
 - If you currently bank with any of them and would like to move your money elsewhere, credit unions, like [Skyla Credit Union](https://www.skylacu.com/) (merger of Charlotte Metro Credit Union + Premier FCU) if you live in Charlotte for example, are good alternatives.

### How do I support imprisoned forest defenders?
 - [Information on mail support](https://www.instagram.com/p/Cn5oLzrOH_8/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=)
